If I ever had to give a lecture on the state,
The first thing I would try to do is describe it as a painting,
view, landscape. And to begin with, the state is the context in which both power and society exist. Outside this context, it can
It is only nature that can be allowed to exist, and even within certain limits and limits. Even religions are officially separated from all forms
The authorities shall operate in the area controlled by the State.
The state, if I were to draw a conditional, is the constant plane on which
There is a temporary power limited to this plane. Neither
One definition of a State does not convey all its qualities, does not explain
does not shed light on the criteria for its functioning, although
It’s half-trouble. The important thing is that society, according to
It has no idea what a State is when which substance can be derived
It is the unity of power perceived by the humanities
as something necessary, indispensable, necessary; glorified by the greatest minds as the only possible, most rational
control tool; which, if approached with objectivity
in all situations - monarchy, autocracy, dictatorship, totalitarianism, authoritarianism, ordinary and democratic
Caesarism» - manifested itself exclusively with negative
Parties. Failing unity in supra-structural power everywhere
when it, being an inherent property of a Stat
power penetrating everywhere is just one of his
Manifestations. The essential quality throughe, acts
for all forms of power, including self-government and people’s power in various forms, as a guide, guiding force, more so than
The only possible locomotive fitted to alternative
on a path whose final destination - global catastrophe - is increasingly apparent. Most negative
It is a fact in the history of the State that society itself is from century to century 
6
It is on a common plane, naively believing that state order is its order as well. Behind the talk of the desacrization of power, purportedly meaning and desecration of the State, the latter has been elevated to the rank of a special cult deity, uncontrollable, with one
To the untouchable, on the other hand,
How they talk about natural phenomena - weather, earthquake, tsunamis,
different manifestations of nature. The State is once and for all a definite and established value, written not even among human beings, but
in some astral, subtle world where conventional measurements and criteria
Not applicable. The State is man-made, not descended from the sky in
the divine basket, not handed to mankind by the heavenly angels, but done, edited, folded, structured, formed by a human genius, who today is all in confusion about
Countless personal problems, helpless, unhappy and almost unsure of anything
in front of him, like a failed student, not knowing - no,
not how to be, but how to be with him - so great, incomprehensible, infinite, bottomless - to act.




